refactor mask_to_dataarray (#294)
regionmask/regionmask: docs/whats_new.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Removed support for Python 3.6.

> - Passing mixed type coordinates to :py:meth:`Regions.mask` and :py:meth:`Regions.mask_3D`

Author: ```suggestion
- Passing coordinates with different type to :py:meth:`Regions.mask` and :py:meth:`Regions.mask_3D`
```

  is no longer supported, i.e. can no longer pass lon as numpy array and lat as
  DataArray (:pull:`293`).

> - The mask now has non-dimension coordinates when 2D numpy arrays are passed as lat and

Author: ```suggestion
- The mask no longer has dimension coordinates when 2D numpy arrays are passed as lat and
```

  lon coords (:pull:`293`).

Enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - :py:meth:`Regions.mask` and :py:meth:`Regions.mask_3D` now works with unstructured 1D

Author: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`Regions.mask` and :py:meth:`Regions.mask_3D` now work with unstructured 1D
```
